# Profits & Expenses Tracker
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/kJrtM4tKOro
#### Description: 1 ) /register : Everytime the register route is accessed through "GET" or "POST" it will clear the session containing the user id. When register route is accessed by "GET" it will display register.html. Register.html contains a header "Register" letting the user know they are in the register page. It also contains a form that includes two inputs and one button, one input for the name and one input for the password. When the form is completed and the button "Submit" is clicked the form will be send to the register route via "POST". When the register route is accessed by "POST" it will insert the name and the password after its hashed. Afer that it will redirect the user to login route.

#### 2) /login : When login is accessed by "GET" or "POST" it will remove user id from session. When accessed by "GET" it will display login.html. Login.html contains a header "Login" letting a user know they are in the login page. It also contains a form that has two inputs and a submit button. The first input required the name and the second requires the password. Once the submit button is clicked the login route will be accessed but this time through "POST". When login route is accessed by "POST" it will store the user id in session and then redirect to home route(/).

#### 3) / : When accessed by "GET" the route will get the current date which is used to get the profits of the current date, after that it will calculate the total of profits (price * quantity). The same things is done with the expenses. After that it will get the total history (profits and expenses) and will display them using index.html. Index.html has a header "Home" letting users know they are in the home page. After that it has a dropdown list letting users choose between day, week, month, year, this will affect what total balance is shown and also the rows that are shown in the table. When the user selects an option from the dropdown list and clicks "Display", the info will be sent to / route by "POST". When "/" route is accessed by "POST" it will get the current date, week, month , year and will check what the user selected in the dropdown menu. If user choosed for example month it will return the profits and expenses of the current month as well as all the products that were bought or sold.

#### 4) /profit : When "profit" route is accessed by "GET" it will get the current date and use it to get all the products that were bought on the current day and the total profit of that day. After that it will display the profit.html page that includes a header letting the user know that he/she is currently in the profit page. There is also a form that includes three inputs and one button. The first input is for the description, the second for the quantity and the third for the price. If "profit" route is accessed by "POST" it will get the current date, week, month and year that will be used to store the info about the product. After that it will redirect user back to "profit" route.

#### 5) expense : If "expense" route is accessed by "GET" it will get the current date and use that date to get the expenses that were made in the current day. After it gets the expenses it will calculate the total value of the expenses. After that it will display the expense.html page. Expense.html contains a header "Daily expenses" letting the user know he/she is in expenses tab. After that another header "Input expense" is used letting the user know why the form is used for. The form contains three inputs and one button. The first input is for description the secong for quantity and the third is for the price, if the submit button is clicked it will access the "expense" route via "POST". After the form is a table that shows all products that were bought from the user on that current day. If the "expense" route is accessed by "POST" it will get the current date,week,month,year and will be used when the item gets inserted in the history table. After that it will take you back to "expense" route.

#### 6) history : If "history" route is accessed by "GET" it will get all the rows from the history table that contain the users id. After that it will display history.html. In the history.html page that shows all the items that were ever bought or sold. There is also a filter system that allows users to search for specific items.

#### 7) logout : If "logout" route is accessed by "GET" it will clear the id from the session and redirect back to "/" route.